Add unary-plus resulting type change (#1526)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta6-release-note.md

If you have not installed Ballerina, then download the [installers](/downloads/#swanlake) to install.

### Language Updates

> #### New Features
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Improvements

> 
> #### Bug Fixes and Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

IMO, we can list this as an improvement.

> - The resulting type of the `unary` plus expression has been changed to the same static type of the operand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The static type of the unary plus expression has been updated to be the same as the static type of the operand.
```

> ```ballerina
> // the following are now allowed
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

The following assignments are now allowed.

```ballerina
````

public function main() {
    int:Unsigned8 a = 32;

>     a = +a;

Reviewer: Let's use separate variables. No point assigning it to the same variable?

    int:Unsigned16 b = 43;
    b = +b;

    int:Unsigned32 c = 54;
    c = +c;

    byte d = 127;
    d = +d;

>     int:Signed8 e = 32;

Reviewer: Shall we use negative values for some of these?

    e = +e;

    int:Signed16 f = 65;
    f = +f;

    int:Signed32 g = 64;
    g = +g;
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
